Update offline page for 2022. (#1605)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/zero-to-robot/step-2/offline-installation-preparations.rst

Documentation
-------------

This documentation can be downloaded for offline viewing. The link to download the PDF can be found `here <https://buildmedia.readthedocs.org/media/pdf/frc-docs/stable/frc-docs.pdf>`__.

Installers
----------

All Teams
^^^^^^^^^

> .. warning:: The 2022 FRC Game Tools are not yet available, the link currently points to where they will be posted. They are expected to be available on Friday afternoon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: The 2022 FRC Game Tools are not yet available, the link currently points to where they will be posted. They are expected to be available afternoon of 1/7/2022.
```
Using the date makes it stand alone if we don't remove it right away.

-  `2022 FRC Game Tools <https://www.ni.com/en-us/support/downloads/drivers/download.frc-game-tools.html>`__ (Note: Click on link for "Individual Offline Installers")

-  `2022 FRC Radio Configuration Utility <https://firstfrc.blob.core.windows.net/frc2022/Radio/FRC_Radio_Configuration_22_0_1.zip>`__ or `2022 FRC Radio Configuration Utility Israel Version <https://firstfrc.blob.core.windows.net/frc2022/Radio/FRC_Radio_Configuration_22_0_1_IL.zip>`__
-  (Optional - Veterans Only!) `Classmate/Acer PC Image <https://frc-events.firstinspires.org/services/DSImages/>`__

LabVIEW Teams
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

-  LabVIEW USB (from *FIRST*\ |reg| Choice) or `Download <https://www.ni.com/en-us/support/downloads/drivers/download.labview-software-for-frc.html>`__ (Note: Click on link for "Individual Offline Installers")

Java/C++ Teams
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> .. warning:: The 2022 Java/C++ installer is not yet available, the link currently points to where it will be posted. It is expected to be available on or before Friday afternoon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning:: The 2022 Java/C++ installer is not yet available, the link currently points to where it will be posted. It is expected to be available 1/7/2022.
```
